Now we're able to delete elements from our mongodb, one thing you probably noted is that our frontend
UI is not live updating.
So if I again add a new post with some content, it's added immediately
but if I would click delete now, we would have to wait for the next reload to see that.
Well the reason for this is because we got no code in our angular part to actually update our posts
whenever we delete something. In the post servers in delete posts,
we simply output deleted
once we get the response from our delete request.
Now what we probably want to do here is we want to remove that post from our posts here and then send
a new posts updated notice to the rest of our app.
We can of course easily do that,
what we can do here instead of just logging this is we of course want to remove our post, so we can reach
out to our posts and store that in a new constant, updated posts and there call the filter method. Filter
allows us to only return a subset of that posts array and we pass an argument, a function to the filter
method,
this function will be executed for every post in the array and if it returns true, then this element
will be kept, if it returns false then this element will not be part of the new filtered post array which
we store in updated posts. So my condition here is that post ID is not equal to post ID because I want
to keep all entries
where this is not equal,
I want to delete the one where it is equal.
So with that, we get updated posts which should be all posts except for this one
and now we can simply set this post equal to updated posts, of course we could also skip this step,
I'm just a fan of writing this in very clearly understandable steps
and then I will run this post
updated next
and send a copy of this post, so now the whole app knows about it.
If we now save this, our angular app reloads,
let's add another post here with even more content and let's add yet another post with dummy content
and if I reload,
they all should be there,
they all should be stored in a database and now if I want to delete another post, I click delete here and you
see it's gone and it stays gone
if I reload because it really was deleted from the database and if we delete them all like that, they
should also stay away and indeed they do.
So now we also got that updating on the frontend when we delete something on the backend.